set a new version of the setup-guide for the pi (#316)
project-leek/project-leek: docs/Build.md

This guide should help everybody to build and setup an own version of the leek-box.

## What do you need?
* Raspberry PI
* SD-Card
* HDMI-Cable
* Power-Cable

> * Lan-Cable

Reviewer: IMO Lan and HDMI are optional requirements.

Author: how would you connect the first time to your ne raspi if ssh is disabled as standard? You need some kind of display. Also, as we do not describe how to connect with the wifi, without the comitup repo, i would say to follow OUR guide, a lan cable is not optional.

Reviewer: you could easily create a /ssh file on your sd-card to enable headless mod. But you are right, we simply suggest a default way and advanced users could skip steps themselve.

* NFC-Reader

> ## 1. Setting up the Raspberry PI

Reviewer: I would not use list numbers here as it would not update correctly if you would for exp add a new heading before this one.

```suggestion
## Setting up the Raspberry PI
```

> Since the Raspberry is ideally hidden in a fancy box, it is recommended to install the Raspberry Pi OS Lite. This saves resources, as no graphical user interface needs to be rendered if no monitor is connected most of the time anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the Raspberry is ideally hidden in a fancy box, it is recommended to install the Raspberry Pi OS Lite. This saves resources, as no graphical user interface needs to be rendered if no monitor is connected to it most of the time anyway.
```

### 1.1 Making the SD card bootable
* Download the Raspberry Pi Imager https://www.raspberrypi.org/software/
* choose os -> Raspberry Pi OS (other) -> Raspberry Pi OS **Lite**
* choose SD Card and start writing

After the Raspberry Pi Imager is ready, the SD card can be plugged into the back of the PI. It now needs to be connected to power, LAN, a monitor and a keyboard.

### 1.2 Connecting the PI
When the Raspberry PI is now fully connected, you should be able to log in for the first time. The default login data  is as follows: </br>
  ```json
  user: pi
  password: raspberry
  ```
⚠️ The default keyboard setting is English.
Europeans must therefore watch their z.

Connect the Pi to the WLAN:
For the next steps, it is easiest if we connect to the PI via a computer in order to be able to work through the following instructions as quickly as possible. Therefore, we recommend connecting the PI via LAN and establishing an SSH connection.

Activate SSH: <br>
```linux
  sudo systemctl enable ssh
  sudo systemctl start ssh
```
Connecting to the Pi <br>
To obtain the PI's ip address run
```
ifconfig
```

> and connect with a ssh-client like [vsCode](https://www.hanselman.com/blog/visual-studio-code-remote-development-over-ssh-to-a-raspberry-pi-is-butter)

Reviewer: Nice explanation, but as this changes frequently IMO I would only explain the general idea and link to proper external resources (links which should not die soonish) as this setup part of the PI is more or less standard.

Author: i would disagree. Our customer would like to see a user friendly product with a user friendly guide. Without a compressed and easier to understand guide, there is the possibility that many people will be overwhelmed.

> Now that we can comfortably copy and paste commands onto the raspberry, let's get down to the actual wifi setup. <br>

Reviewer: To NLs are the markdown equivalent to html `<br>`.

```suggestion
### Wifi setup via configuration hotspot
Now that we can comfortably copy and paste commands onto the raspberry, let's get down to the actual wifi setup.

```

> 1. Add the comitup repo as instructed [here](https://davesteele.github.io/comitup/ppa.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the comitup repository as instructed by [this](https://davesteele.github.io/comitup/ppa.html) guide.
```

> 2. prepare the pi for the service with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. prepare the pi for the service with
```

Author: why?

Reviewer: If you always use `1.` with markdown, it will automatically count up for you.

```
sudo rm  /etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.conf
sudo systemctl disable systemd-resolved
```

> 3.  replace the  line '# ap_name: comitup-<nn>' with 'ap_name: leek-<nn>'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  replace the  line '# ap_name: comitup-<nn>' with 'ap_name: leek-<nn>'
```

```
sudo nano /etc/comitup.conf
```

> 4. restart the PI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. restart the PI
```

> After the restart, a new wifi should be available with the name "leek-"....

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the restart, a new wifi called `leek-<...>` should be available. 
```

> Now connect to the WLAN and follow the prompt to log on to the network or navigate manually to http://10.41.0.1/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now connect to the wifi and follow the prompt to log on to the network or navigate manually to `http://10.41.0.1/`
```

> In the new screen, you can now connect to your home WLAN. Every time the box is powered on and does not find a registered Wi-Fi, it will open its configuration hotspot again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the new screen, you can now connect to your home wifi. Every time the box is powered on and does not find a registered Wi-Fi, it will open its configuration hotspot again.
```

However, if it finds a known WLAN, the hotspot will be closed and the Pi will use the available WLAN.

Finally, with a new ifconfig, we find out the new WLAN IP address, which we will use to address the Pi in the future and set up the box.

### 1.3 Install docker and docker compose
```
curl -fsSL https://get.docker.com -o get-docker.sh
sudo sh get-docker.sh

> sudo apt-get install -y libffi-dev libssl-dev
> sudo apt-get install -y python3 python3-pip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sudo apt-get install -y libffi-dev libssl-dev python3 python3-pip
```

sudo apt-get remove python-configparser
sudo pip3 -v install docker-compose
```

> get-docker can take quite a while on older Pi's. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
get-docker can take quite a while on older Pi's.

```

After the process is complete run 'docker-compose' to check if the installation was successfull.

> ## Setup the Project-Leek

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup the Leek-Box
```

> Our project is splitted in two docker container. One Container to handle the events of your NFC Reader and one container to handle the backend. For seamless setup of both, please use our docker-compose file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our project is split into multiple docker containers. One Container to handle the events of your NFC-Reader and one container to host the backend. For seamless setup of both, please use our docker-compose file as follows:
```

> * ``` mkdir project-leek && cd $_ ```
> * ```curl --remote-name https://gist.githubusercontent.com/anbraten/40db2d35b1788714b6899b2e01057597/raw/746935ae596ee0b0331f1c259e4c52909f97ae30/docker-compose.yml```
> * ```curl --remote-name https://gist.githubusercontent.com/anbraten/40db2d35b1788714b6899b2e01057597/raw/746935ae596ee0b0331f1c259e4c52909f97ae30/.env```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
mkdir leek && cd $_ ```

curl --remote-name https://gist.githubusercontent.com/anbraten/40db2d35b1788714b6899b2e01057597/raw/746935ae596ee0b0331f1c259e4c52909f97ae30/docker-compose.yml```

curl --remote-name https://gist.githubusercontent.com/anbraten/40db2d35b1788714b6899b2e01057597/raw/746935ae596ee0b0331f1c259e4c52909f97ae30/.env
```
```

> In the newly created folder there is now an .env file that must be filled with your personal ClientID, Client Secret. You find those in this [guide](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/general/guides/app-settings/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the newly created folder there is now an `.env` file that has to be adjusted with your personal Spotify-Client-ID, Spotify-Client-Secret. You can gather those by following this [guide](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/general/guides/app-settings/)
```

This guide should help everybody to build and setup an own version of the leek-box.

## What do you need?
* Raspberry PI
* SD-Card
* HDMI-Cable
* Power-Cable

> * Lan-Cable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* LAN-Cable
```

* NFC-Reader

## Setting up the Raspberry PI
Since the Raspberry is ideally hidden in a fancy box, it is recommended to install the Raspberry Pi OS Lite. This saves resources, as no graphical user interface needs to be rendered if no monitor is connected to it most of the time anyway.

### Making the SD card bootable

> * Download the Raspberry Pi Imager https://www.raspberrypi.org/software/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Download the Raspberry Pi Imager from https://www.raspberrypi.org/software/
```

* choose os -> Raspberry Pi OS (other) -> Raspberry Pi OS **Lite**
* choose SD Card and start writing

After the Raspberry Pi Imager is ready, the SD card can be plugged into the back of the PI. It now needs to be connected to power, LAN, a monitor and a keyboard.

### Connecting the PI
When the Raspberry PI is now fully connected, you should be able to log in for the first time. The default login data  is as follows: </br>
  ```json
  user: pi
  password: raspberry
  ```
⚠️ The default keyboard setting is English.

> Europeans must therefore watch their z.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Europeans must therefore watch their z and y.
```

> Connect the Pi to the WLAN:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Connect the Pi to the WIFI:
```

> For the next steps, it is easiest if we connect to the PI via a computer in order to be able to work through the following instructions as quickly as possible. Therefore, we recommend connecting the PI via LAN and establishing an SSH connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the next steps, it is the easiest way to connect the PI to a computer in order to be able to do the following instructions as quickly as possible. Therefore, we recommend connecting the PI via LAN and establishing an SSH connection.
```

Activate SSH: <br>
```linux
  sudo systemctl enable ssh
  sudo systemctl start ssh
```

> Connecting to the Pi <br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Connecting to the Pi: <br>
```

To obtain the PI's ip address run
```
ifconfig
```
and connect with a ssh-client like [vsCode](https://www.hanselman.com/blog/visual-studio-code-remote-development-over-ssh-to-a-raspberry-pi-is-butter)

### Wifi setup via configuration hotspot
Now that we can comfortably copy and paste commands onto the raspberry, let's get down to the actual wifi setup.

1. Add the comitup repo as instructed [here](https://davesteele.github.io/comitup/ppa.html)
2. prepare the pi for the service with
```
sudo rm  /etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.conf
sudo systemctl disable systemd-resolved
```
3.  replace the  line '# ap_name: comitup-<nn>' with 'ap_name: leek-<nn>'
```
sudo nano /etc/comitup.conf
```
4. restart the PI

After the restart, a new wifi should be available with the name "leek-"....
Now connect to the WLAN and follow the prompt to log on to the network or navigate manually to http://10.41.0.1/

In the new screen, you can now connect to your home WLAN. Every time the box is powered on and does not find a registered Wi-Fi, it will open its configuration hotspot again.

> However, if it finds a known WLAN, the hotspot will be closed and the Pi will use the available WLAN.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, if it finds a known WIFI, the hotspot will be closed and the Pi will use the available WIFI.
```

> Finally, with a new ifconfig, we find out the new WLAN IP address, which we will use to address the Pi in the future and set up the box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, with a new ifconfig, we find out the new WIFIIP address, which we will use to address the Pi in the future and set up the box.
```

### Install docker and docker compose
```
curl -fsSL https://get.docker.com -o get-docker.sh
sudo sh get-docker.sh
sudo apt-get install -y libffi-dev libssl-dev
sudo apt-get install -y python3 python3-pip
sudo apt-get remove python-configparser
sudo pip3 -v install docker-compose
```
get-docker can take quite a while on older Pi's. <br>
After the process is complete run 'docker-compose' to check if the installation was successfull.

## Setup the Leek-Box

> Our project is split into multiple docker containers. One Container to handle the events of your NFC-Reader and one container to host the backend. For seamless setup of both, please use our docker-compose file as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our project is splited into multiple docker containers. One Container to handle the events of your NFC-Reader and one container to host the backend. For seamless setup of both, please use our docker-compose file as follows:
```

Don't we also have a thrid container for the frontend?

```bash
mkdir leek && cd $_ ```

curl --remote-name https://gist.githubusercontent.com/anbraten/40db2d35b1788714b6899b2e01057597/raw/746935ae596ee0b0331f1c259e4c52909f97ae30/docker-compose.yml```

curl --remote-name https://gist.githubusercontent.com/anbraten/40db2d35b1788714b6899b2e01057597/raw/746935ae596ee0b0331f1c259e4c52909f97ae30/.env
```

In the newly created folder there is now an `.env` file that has to be adjusted with your personal Spotify-Client-ID, Spotify-Client-Secret. You can gather those by following this [guide](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/general/guides/app-settings/)

> **AFTER** you set your id in the env file, your leek your leek-box ist now ready to use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**AFTER** you set your id in the env file, your leek-box ist now ready to use.
```
